# Kizzuwanta
A blockchain utilizing the specific properties of pure metals to provide constants and alloy's to expand them. When tied to a "hacksilver" weight to provide real tangible and testable veracity of claims of viable "crucibles" or blocks owned, as these crucible units will be synonymous with a standardized silver weight tradeable both ways. Determination of "guild" and then probability of having a hashed crucible filled and added to the chain will be determined based on computer power allowed to be used by certain OpenSource projects. A physical hashing by a specific machine and the cost of purchase in native dollars will allow analogue users to input fixed alchemical criterion based on a metal or alloy, and this will be rewarded by first come first serve quantum suggestion to RNG blockdump and who's use as a security node alone will earn a "bit" that can be made to a crucible block when enough are collated. Possible for private business to "rent" HackSilver processing and cloud services to handle overflow or to supplement existing infrastructure with a pre agreed sliding scale "horde" fee or Contract that will choose the next hash based on whether it has a garunteed blockpouring, at which time random freespace hashes will be assigned. Unique two factor communication and confirmation method. SIM wallet, to be verified by cell wave or by a Lighthouse helioscopic uplink. Purchase of the wallet sim and device will be in silver bits, purchase of solar equip can be left open. These add points to ones guild standing and thus the amount of time the random alorgithim will be bounced through priviliged wavelenghts and given quantum preferences.Bids for product demand and completion in hammer thud contracts with HackSilver ensuring escrow and an OpenSource Peer Review redress method for acceptable tolerances and the ability buy or barter pieces of the larger contract will be available with sellers paying a bit to RockCandyMountain, a general fund that will function as escrow, act to be convertable to FOREX in case of a large Contract so it can automatically pay server fee's to other processing or storage units to complete the priviliged blocks. Creating and interweaving these Torques with our software and SilverSack exchange will provide a certain amount of any crucible poured in it's domain. Use of all preferred tech would earn you Metallurgist status, highest of three guilds. Companies can request only those of this or that guilds bandwith and blockchain of custody be used for an additional charge that goes straight to the RockCandyMountain publicly viewable account. Collection, testing and ledgering a complete crucible hash based on physical silver deposits will be carried out by RogueCrew OpenSource volunteer/progressive bit accrument. The more you provide service, the more bits you will earn each time. People can sell usable physical tech to HackSilver for haggled bit exchange. Allowing remote access will result in a powered active bit accrument, or a bounce accrument that will give you temporary status in a guild for hashes that use your reflector or SilLumination white lightwall ect ect. A Crypto, that helps the worlds OpenSource goal, that's secure and tied to a known and tried and true currency.
